(bright music)
(whooshing)
(clickety clack clack click)
In this section we're going to cover
popular sort algorithms like
bubble sort, merge sort, quick sort,
counting sort, insertion sort and a few others.
We won't cover every sort algorithm
that we're gonna cover in the course
because a few of them require specific data structures.
So, we'll cover those
after we've learned about those data structures
but the sort algorithms we'll cover in this section
can be used to sort arrays.
So, now that we know about arrays,
we can start learning about some of these popular,
or at least well known, sort algorithms.
There are a couple that you wouldn't actually want to use
'cause they're very slow.
Now, just a reminder,
that an algorithm can have multiple implementations.
I'm going to show you one implementation for each algorithm
but that doesn't mean there aren't others.
So, with that said, let's get started.
We're gonna start with bubble sort.
I'll see you in the next video.